Removed deprecated navigation names (#9133)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/helm/monitor-and-alert/with-grafana-cloud.md

                 key: password
   ```

> 1. Install the self-hosted Grafana Loki integration by going to your hosted Grafana instance, clicking on **Connections** from the Home menu, then search for and install the **Self-hosted Grafana Loki** integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the self-hosted Grafana Loki integration by going to your hosted Grafana instance, selecting **Connections** from the Home menu, then search for and install the **Self-hosted Grafana Loki** integration.
```

Author: Looks good to me, thank you!
